In order to make sense of our project, I've come up with the following rough problem formulation. It includes an outer search problem, one which chooses a path for a traveller who can use different modes of transportation. In addition there is also an internal search problem, where the plane finds paths that it can take. 

OUTER SEARCH PROBLEM
PEAS
Performance Measure
- fast
- price efficient
Environment
- roads
- contact points
- atmosphere
Actuators (Output)
- Questions for the traveler
Sensors (Input)
- Traveler's goal
- starting and final contact points

Search Problem Formulation :
1. Initial State
Traveler is at the starting contact point.
2. States 
Traveler at any one of the contact points.
3. Actions
Move between contact points via different modes of transportation.
4. Goal
Reach final contact point in either least amount of time or money.
5. Solution
A sequence of contact points given mode of transportation for each.

Given only the bus method of transportation, via roads, the above formulation is enough. When adding the plane, the plane itself must make decisions about which way to travel. 


INNER SEARCH PROBLEM
To make the plane as an agent more interesting, consider certain barriers for the plane such as snow storms or no-fly zones. In this case, a straight line path to a contact point cannot be achieved. This is similar to an agent for the wumpus world.
It uses a propositional knowledge base to infer the state of the world, and a combination of problem-solving search and domain-specific code
to decide what path sequence to take. It will finally report back to the external search problem the associated cost with flying.

Plane as Agent
Performance Measure
- distance to final contact point

Input: 
	a list from radar that tells about barriers(weather, no fly)
Persistent: 
	KB, knowledge base
	t, a counter
	plan, an action sequence

Problem for plane
1. Initial State
Plane at starting contact point
2. States
Plane in any part of the x,y grid that is not a no-fly or bad weather
3. Actions
Move N,E,W,S,NE,SE,SW,NW





